These are the planned history pieces that the player encounters. Pieces that have been errored are marked with a (!), and are replaced
with the corresponding piece marked (*)

Level 1 --
(1)
Martin Luther King Jr was famous for his pacifist protest philosophies, and often gave large rallies and speeches.

(2)(!)
The KKK was not presided over by any singular leader, but rather acted as a group.

(2)(*)
The KKK was presides over by a single leader at the top of the heirarchical system. The leader was known
as the Grand Wizard.

(3)
All but three US states, at one time or another, are confirmed to have held a lynching.


Level 2 --
(1)
The vietnam war was heavily protested by many of the same people pushing for desegregation.
A famous quote from the era was spoken by african-american boxer Muhammed Ali, who said
"No Vietcong ever called me *n-word*."

(2)
The US was incentivized to participate in the Vietname war because other countries
would pay to protect assets invested in the country.

(3)(!)
France was disinterested in the rise of communism in Vietnam because
it had no money invested in the country.

(3)(*)
France was heavily interested in preventing the rise of communism in Vietnam
because a french corporation owned the largest rubber plantation in the country.


Level 3 --
(1)
The Laser was invented during this decade, using similar technologies to the Microwave Oven from the decade earlier.
It concentrated excited light particles suspended in a box into a beam when a selective opening in the box was made.

(2)
The first Operating System was invented in 1964, which allowed computers to be programmed using
input from the keyboard, rather than "punch card" programming, in which the programmer punched holes in cards to
create instructions for the computer to follow.

(3)
The Moon Landing was carried out in 1969, and was made feasible largely by extremely recent technology, such as
improved radio communication, and the use of computers that used operating system made software.

(4)(!)
The first man in space was russian Yuri Gagarin, a man from the Soviet Union who was ejected into space and returned.

(4)(*)
Yuri Gagarin was the first man to survive space travel, but it is theorized (though unconfirmed) that a few soviet missions had
previously sent men into space but who died whether on the return or the journey.